
## 1.5

The introduction of the 1.5 series was due to a change in the behavour of
the putString function.

### 1.5.8

Released: 27-08-2020

Added the following function to acai client.

     bool putByteArray (void* valueArray, const unsigned int count);

This writes a traditional byte array value to the channel.
Under the covers, this uses the DBF_CHAR field type.

### 1.5.7

Released: 04-07-2020

Improved acai_monitor option processing and help message.

Made acai_private_common.h public for test_csnprintf and added suitable use at
your own peril warning - it is __*still*__ essentially private.

### 1.5.6

There __was no__ 1.5.6 release - I incremented the version no. twice by mistake.

### 1.5.5

Update to support MSVC, specifically define  snprintf  as \_snprintf for
Released: 14-01-2020

MSVC versions eariler than 1900. Also updated code to eliminate some MSVC
warnings.

### 1.5.4

Released: 24-08-2019

Added the following function to acai client:

      static ACAI::Client* cast (void* item);

This function attempts to cast a void* to a Client* and checks the internal
magic numbers.
It returns NULL if cast fails, similar to dynamic_cast.

The client hostname isnow inclued in acai_monitor meta data output.

Fixed the fuction *[sic]* typo.

### 1.5.3

Released: 22-07-2019

Updated to keep MSVC happy, including:
 * Avoid constructor ambiguity - now use overloading as opposed to using
 default parameters - no user code change required;
 * Don't use dynamically sized stack variables;
 * Use size_t type variables where appropriate; and
 * Update code to remove warnings.

Now include stdlib.h for malloc/free when using mingw.

Updated the configure/RELEASE file to match latest generated by  makeBaseApp.pl
(out of base-7.0.2)

### 1.5.2

Released: 29-04-2019

Modified the in logic in putString.
For PVs with a DBF type of DBF_CHAR, the PV must have two or more elements
in order to be deemed a long string.
A single DBF_CHAR (like the .PROC field) are not deemed a long string.

### 1.5.1

Released: 30-03-2019

Modified the behavior of putString.
This will now always write the string data in long string format if the native
type if DBF_CHAR irrespective of the isLongString setting and/or PV name ending
with a '$'.
The isLongString setting now just applies to getString.

## 1.4

The introduction of the 1.4 series was due to re-factoring the acai version
macros into a separate acai_version.h file

### 1.4.8

Released: 20-03-2019

Removed another not very help error report (when element count = 0, out
of the readSubscribeChannel function).

### 1.4.7

Released: 18-03-2019

Don't report errors for zero length updates, these seem to be quite common
for transient PVs.

acai_monitor - tidied up info output and added copyright header to main file.

Fixed a few typos in the  README.md file and updated email address.

Ran doxygen -u over acai.cfg - mainly comment changes.

### 1.4.6

Released: 16-12-2018

### 1.4.5

Released: 02-05-2018

### 1.4.4

Released: 21-04-2018

### 1.4.3

Released: 08-04-2018

### 1.4.2

Released: 28-02-2018

### 1.4.1

Released: 18-02-2018

## 1.3
Re-organised directory structure


### 1.3.9

Released: 14-01-2018

### 1.3.8

Released: 22-10-2017

### 1.3.7

Released: 21-10-2017

### 1.3.6

Released: 22-10-2017

### 1.3.5

Released: 16-08-2017

### 1.3.4

Released: 27-07-2017

### 1.3.3

Released: 23-07-2017

### 1.3.2

Released: 09-07-2017

### 1.3.1

Released: 08-07-2017


### 1.2.3
Added to Client_Set

    bool areAllChannelsReady ();
    bool waitAllChannelsReady (const double timeOut, const double pollInterval = 0.05);

and to Abstract_Client_User

    bool areAllRegisteredChannelsReady ();
    bool waitAllRegisteredChannelsReady (const double timeOut, const double pollInterval = 0.05);



### 1.2.2

Added put call back notification. The use of put callback is off by default.

For enumeration types, the upper display and control limit functions now
return number of states less one (as opposed to zero).

Function description typo fixes.

### 1.2.1

Change of API

    void rawDataPointer (void* dest, const size_t size,
                         unsigned int& count) const;

became

    size_t getRawData (void* dest, const size_t size,
                       const size_t offset = 0) const;


### 1.1.4

### 1.1.3

### 1.1.2

### 1.1.1
